Now to the last step before running the workspace. We need to define commands. These are predefined tasks how to work with our application. It's typically build, test, debug, run and stuff like that. But you can define any command and you can define extra commands later in the workspace editor.
I'll define one for backend and one for frontend, just to simply run them. We need to define it's name and actions. Currently we support only one action per command.
In action, we set the `workdir where comman will be executed. `type` is `exec` and command itself. For java we run gradle task `bootRun`. Very important is `component` attribute, that defines where to run the command. We want to run our java command on `java-backend` component, we've defined before.
For javascript fontend, we need to go to `frontend` folder, run npm commands and run it on `nodejs-fontend`.
That's it, we can now run the workspace.

#### in workspace demo
https://che.openshift.io/
create new workspace without running it, copy and paste the devfile there.

1] run backend
2] run frontend
    All runs somewhere in cloud, so we're not downloading it via conference wifi.
2.1] backend endpoint pops up - generated ingress, but service is our defined endpoint
2.2] frontend endpoint pops up - it's generated and routed through theia
2.3] frontend is working, but is communicating with realworld public server
3] get backend url and copy it into `fontend/src/agent.js` -> `API_ROOT` (without ending `/`)
4] open the frontend, try to register and show it's communicating with the backend.
5] stop and run projects again -> data gone


### commands
  - predefined tasks to work with our application
  - build, debug, run, ...
  - custom commands can be defined later in the workspace
  - define 2 - to run frontend and to run backend
  - `workdir` where execute the command
  - `command` to run
  - `component` where to run
