Now we try to add mysql database component and use it from java backend.
It will be again `dockerimage` component for the simplicity. We use centos7 mysql image. This image needs to set environment variables for username, password and database name. We can set it in `env` as array with `name` and `value` pairs. Set the `memoryLimit`. In the end we setup it's endpoint with name `db` and for port `3306`. This endpoint will be `discoverable` but not `public`. That means that it will be accessible from the infrastructure, so we can access it from java-backend, but it won't be accessible from public. In Kubernetes words, it will create only service for port 3306.
That's it, we can restart the workspace. Now we need to update our spring project to configure it to use mysql. We need to add `mysql-connector-java` dependency in `build.gradle` and properly set datasource in `application.properties`. Don't forget to update backend api URL in frontend project.
That's it.

#### demo
1] Run the workspace, update backend rest api url on frontend
2] update backend `build.gradle` and `application.properties` with mysql
3] run projects, open web frontend, register, create an article
4] open mysql component terminal
    // "we can go to the component terminal"
5] connect to mysql with `mysql -udemo -pdemo demo`
6] `select * from articles;`
    `select * from users;`
7] stop and run project again, data still there

### db
```
# build.gradle
runtime('mysql:mysql-connector-java')
```

```
# application.properties
database=mysql
spring.datasource.url=jdbc:mysql://db:3306/demo
spring.datasource.username=demo
spring.datasource.password=demo
```


### db
  - `dockerimage` to keep it simple
  - `env` variables to configure mysql server
  - `endpoint` that is discoverable but not public - service with name `db`, but only accessible within workspace
